me friends of his fucking puti pinging this
speed up the fox look good gentlemen
here I bring you more information about
stop bioform well is battlefield 4 and
let's start good at the premium
expansion tag for the xbox bastards
one they're going to grab first
in more this is an exclusivity for
microsoft xbox man and that consists of that
of baroffio 3 maps are going to jump
appeared 4 some is not all as few
47 so congratulations to all of you
xbox one and they fucked with that
exclusivity this now let's move on what
what is being the way as ander mode
with command you know that you will be able to
play on your tablet ipad aro I do not know what
but this one and also on your smartphone
this one and remember we have been told
many periods and I'm going to tell you the
commander is not a physical player like that
that exactly will be 66 players
for being to see the maximum was cax this
it's something new
so why motivate you is more in
rankear is not going to contain this already
be camouflaged expeed bus that is coming
being like touches to get you to
have this one hour two hours of
double this is this shakespeare point and
also what these implemented
güeyes is water and love
what the difference is the box lamu
that while there are several 0 3 and 0 you
resulting from bullet for all your team
amotac is a partner and paste it poses
the wey brings it for a long time and I do not know
you finish the bullets and because good
simply because you will not be able to
use all the bullets of your cartridge in
what a way that if you have 35 refills
the other 25 were wasted carnal not
he is not recovering us so he will go
Spending your bullets your bullets a lot more
fast so it's to be taught to
use the entire complete cartridge before
change it this one and to some certain
weapons are going to have another one different
type of flu
we know the force web
but now will see the network angle that
comes being an angular comes being
so that the backward movement of the
first bullet so he can handle it
better when shooting this rich in
is going to have the explosive c-4 or so
it was as we know it and the kilo of cold
10 where brand is your enemy to your
enemy car tank and why be
this and send a strike and to give
the mother so that's really chingón
he is also in the rich
we already said that he has that 4 is going to have a
different knife that is called zhang the
sun that are the principles that make
babies that are in the pot not well and
then the sons of the fuck and this one
I was going to see three types of knives
so you know I do not know how much damage
go to elián versus a reglon life
now there's going to be here in this pole of
neighborhood 3 or use the tool to
fix tanks or mines and pregnant 4
you will be able to use both things at the same
weather
that 's just like the bastard
As an assault doctor, you will be able to
throw medicine to the ground they all heal or
you hit a partner that is the
doctor verg alone while you hit her and she
blood gets there takes the dude
already in the leads this is going to see this
we have red link looks at you with link
red was going to see green laser the only
difference it makes me out there
I heard it is that green is not so
effective as the red but we have to
see in the beta what really is the
click difference but it looks good
chin
the green laser so gentlemen by
last we have the camouflages the
camouflages gentlemen are going to be enough
for your weapons as much as for the
primary and this and your secondary weapon well
which planet the net for the four
it's going to be a much more complete game than
the neighborhood 3 so gentlemen if
they learned something if they liked the video
leave your like comment and see you for
next as yet